# BlockChain
- I'm going to talk about saTOSHI NAKAMATOU who is the father of blockchain network. the name of NATOSHI sounds like a japanese but he indeed is an american. i knew him beacuse i'm a programmer and i need to learn different kinds of network to plan my program. in 1998,the majority of the world's internet architecture is a Centralized network,which means that the data will be storaged in the center of owners. Howerver, This way of storing data has proven to be very unstable, especially when an network Delay jitter occur. So a Brand new network was needed at that time. NATOSHI proposed a new decentralized network called blockchain network. this kind of network is based on the p2p communication. During p2p communication, each network node will be given the same permission to publish, download or storage data. this is quite different from the traditional centralized network. the world is using blockchain for years, and Its stability is being recognized by the world.i consider NATOSHI really intelligent mainly because he started a revolutionary chainging in the world's internet development. bitcoin is the best example for blockchain, you know bitcion? it's a famous Anonymous currency. we can use bitcoin anonymously without worrying the exchange rate, Due to the intelligence of satoshi
- first of all，I dont have many experience on this topic，maybe i'm going to have a casual conversion with you. but i can remember one thing that has little relation on this.Last summer, when i was learning the programming language go, my tutor called me and asked me if i can join her group for a blockchain project.  Do you konw blockchain? it a extremely stable database built on p2p network, as the peers in the network all have rights to download data, making duplicates or tampering data is super difficult.In this project we are asked to storage tons of data on blocks.
-  Well i'm going to talk about running or jogging which is another name for running. Uh this is my favorite leisure activity. Well I believe jogging is a great way a great form of exercise and also is a great way for people to unwind. In fact, I don't suppose it's only me who likes doing it. Um. There are many people today who enjoy jogging on a daily basis and in fact an increasing number of people do it on a regular basis because people tend to be more and more health conscious. You know all around my neighborhood every day when I go out for a walk I can see a lot of people running alone or with other people or with their uh dogs particularly so I try to run on a daily basis because I think it's really important to me I want to live a healthy and active lifestyle. I don't want to live a sedentary lifestyle because if I did it would eventually take its toll on my health. However, sometimes I might have a lot on my plate, and then in that case, I will have no choice but to run, uh, three or four times a week, which is a lot more often than many other people. But I just like I said, I try to do it every single day. Well who I like to do it with this is a little weird because your topic is an activity I like to do when i'm alone my free time. So yeah, I just most of the time I do it on my own because um, oh, i'm sorry I forgot to mention that. Um. Every time I run I run at home I run on my treadmill and also I like to listen to the radio while running. So I don't suppose there's any point in running together with other people. I wouldn't communicate them. I wouldn't chat with them. I really like this form of activITy, mainly because, um, IT's beneficial to my health. You know, IT helps me keep fIT and stay in shape. And also IT's a great way for me to reduce stress.
# artificial intelligence
- hangzhou is famous for its modern facilities, there is a city brain called hangzhou ET.the city brain is so helpful for the people living in hoangzhou.for example, if you are an ambulance drive,the city brain will help you drive to the location of accidents without being caught up in traffic jams. another example is that the traffic light will be controled by city brain with automaticly recognizing the cars and people on the street with the help of deep learning. So living in hangzhou will definitely feel pretty happy and enjoyable.you will feel motivated……
so This brain will help the hangzhou government to manage the city  to streamline the complicacy and inefficiency, to secure the riskiness into simple and efficient, to drive those conflicts towards the most conductive and adequate. Living in such an modern city is absolutely ausum
# high concurrency
- If you need to snap up goods that don't have a lot of inventory online on time, your website needs high concurrency support to ensure that the goods won't be oversold.
- High concurrency means processing large amounts of content in a short time